okay Jan what's coming double homicide
one male one female killers male white
$0.40 up a perimeter and tell Monroe I'm
placing you under arrest for the future
murder of Sarah marks you're the man who
sent the future can be seen all we have
to run on are the images that they
produce we see what they see
hasn't been a murder in six years
there's nothing wrong with the system it
is perfect I agree
can be stopped
tell me exactly what it is you're
looking for flows here we get any false
positives we are arresting individuals
who have broken no law but they will the
fact you prevent it from happening
doesn't change the fact that it was
going to happen this system can't be
wrong
you say something to know you're in a
lot of trouble John have a warrant in my
pocket that's his murder
don't run gonna have to chase me some 20
Century Fox he set me up he set me up
and DreamWorks Pictures who's the victim
I've never heard of him but I'm supposed
to kill him in less than 36 hours he's
gonna go together
Tom Cruise I need your help keep
contained information I need to know how
to get at it in the Steven Spielberg
film I have to know I have to find out
what happened to my life
you tell me who was it set this up I
don't know about now
one June 21st
runs
Minority Report